For our edit page we're going to be creating a new column in our table and then we're going to be inserting
a new button there the edit button and then we can redirect our user to our edit page.
So for doing that I'm going to be adding a new header to our table and then I'm saying this is the edit
one.
And after that I'll go to my table data and there I'm going to be providing a new button and that burden
is going to be provided with the ATAC within the ATAC.
I'm going to be using a th reference within that reference.
I'm going to be referencing my controller my new page for our added page so that controller is going
to be slash products and slash edit.
And after that I'm going to be providing the ID of the producta dime selecting in the table as simply
passing it to the product that I'm interested in with editing.
So to say that I'm going to say product that ID.
All right.
Simple as that.
And for the class of this ATAC I'm going to say button and button defaults All right.
And of course for the text of it I'm going to be saying edit.
All right.
We have created our button in the UI.
So now let's create our edit controller and bind it with the added button on the UI so to do that I'm
going to move on to my controller and I'm going to create I renew requests mapping.
So for that I'm going to copy this and go to my controller in my controller.
I'm going to be having a new method.
And within that method I'm going to be editing my product.
So let's say that product and within that edit product method I'm going to be taking a model for UI
and also I'm going to be taking a path where you will.
So saying that path variable and the variable that I'm taking is going to be id so value for that is
going to be ID and it's say simple string ID right in the body of my method.
I'm simply going to find our product and add it to my model so that I can display in an UI.
So for that I'll say model an attribute and then I'm going to add this attribute as product.
And for the actual attribute I'll go to my repository and find this product with the given ID so I can
say find one an ID or right and return statement.
I'm going to return my editor to.
So for the last part let's provide the request mapping and D-pad for the request mapping is going to
be this one.
And also we're going to provide the ID as the path where you will
all right.
So for the matter of this request we're going to be using it as a get method.
We're almost done with the edit page of our product so let's rerun our application and see it in action.
Our application is starting up
and here we go.
Our applications start at let's switch back to Firefox and refresh our page.
Here we go.
We have our edit button displaying in our products page.
So as you can see from the you are all on the left below of the screen.
We how our product with the ID in the end.
So we click our edit button here we go we have our product details and they are all inserted into impled
fields and we can simply type our new parameters new well use for our properties then we can simply
hit say.
So for the purpose of editing let's just update the price of our product to ninety nine ninety nine
and see if it's updated.
So all now save this product and if I go to my product page again here we go.
We have our new price listed right here.
So this concludes the adult section of our product in the next video we're going to be taking a look
at eating our product.
So to do that I'll be seeing you in the next video.